Let's do the walls let's apply the scale for these press control a and scale same over here.
I'll select one of these.
Go to edit mode.
Make sure it's selected.
I'll press you and unwrap Now I'll come over here to the materials area and assign this checker material
and then we go let's do that for over here you unwrap and assign the checker.
Now for the floor I think it's going to need some more resolution.
So I'm going to tap into edit mode and hit the W key and choose subdivide.
And now I can bring this panel up over here and increase the number of cuts I'll just take it up to
10 just so we have some more resolution in there because I think we may want to use the sculped tool
to add some texture to this.
So in Object mode I can see that the scale is non uniform so I'll go ahead and apply the scale here
and I'll tab into Edit Mode press you and unwrap and then assign that Checker material.
And there we go.
The last piece of the puzzle I think is these beams we can work on one of these.
Now I think we don't need a couple of faces here so if I go to face mode I don't think we need this
face off on top.
We're never going to see that.
And I don't think we need this face back here either.
I know we're never going to see that.
So that makes it a little easier to unwrap.
I'll go to edge mode and select these edges here and unwrap or scuse me.
Mark seems there we can take a look at our scale and we can go ahead and apply that.
And then in edit mode we can select everything press you and unwrap and then assign that Checker material
just to see how we did.
Well I've gone ahead and duplicated the pillars and beams on the ceiling but there's this one being
here this shorter one that we should probably think about.
I think I'll probably use the sculpting tools on this one to get this kind of jagged edge as if it's
been broken off at the point where the hole in the ceiling begins.
So I think for this I'm going to need to add a bit more subdivisions a bit more resolution.
We just zoom into this real quick.
Right now it's pretty low resolution there isn't much there.
I'm going to press the W key and click subdivide and I'll add maybe maybe four cuts on it.
So now what let's do is go to the U-V editing screen lay out we'll frame it up and take a look at it
here.
As we've established before we're probably not going to need the faces on the top when the press control
up arrow to to make that view full screen or go to face mode and I'll start selecting these faces here
up on top with the circle select tool and I'll delete those and I won't need the ones on the back either.
Something like that.
Pest Control up arrow again to come back to the screen lay out
I can probably go ahead and apply my scale and then select everything in edit mode you and unwrap and
let's see what happens.
Oh well see what I've done here.
I forgot to mark seems and so there's this polling that's happening up here so I should mark my seams
here.
I go to Edit mode and select and shift alt select these and control the and Mark seam.
Now if I select everything and hit you and unwrap that should open that up a little bit so it doesn't
stretch as much and I'll go ahead and apply the checker material to it just to make sure that there's
no stretching there and it looks pretty good.
The main thing we have to do is to use map the neck and we will work on that next.